 P a g e  | 1 Version 15. Updated March 2026 
 
 
 
WARRANTY POLICY 
 
 
1. Sorento is a brand owned by Sorento Sdn Bhd [Company No. 200501017483 (694526-P)] (“Sorento”). 
 
2. These terms and conditions apply to the limited warranty provided by Sorento in respect of Sorento products (“Product(s)”) purchased from Sorento 
or an authorized dealer of Sorento in Malaysia (“Limited Warranty”). 
 
3. The following conditions shall be met in order for us to process your warranty claim: - 
 
(a) Your provision of a valid proof of purchase of the Product(s). You will be required to provide your proof of purchase and any supporting document 
as may be requested by Sorento in order to process your warranty claim; and 
 
 Register of Products(s) before warranty Claim :- 
(b) Your Product(s) must be registered with Sorento at https://sorento.com.my/warranty  before a warranty claim may be processed. Therefore, it 
is important to register your Product(s) upon purchase of the Product(s). Sorento shall not be held liable in the event the authorized dealer fails to 
notify you on the registration of your Product(s) or if you fail to register your Product(s) with Sorento. 
 
4. Sorento reserves the rights to reject your request for warranty claim if you fail to meet the conditions as set out in paragraph 3 above. 
 
5. This Limited Warranty is in lieu of all other express and implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and is limited to the 
duration as stated in clause 6 below. The warranty period as set out below takes effect upon the date of purchase. 
 
6. Warranty Period 
 
The following table sets out the coverage and duration of the Limited Warranty. Our Limited Warranty coverage is limited solely to the parts as set out 
in the Warranty Parts column of the following table (“ Warranty Parts”) and is subject to the terms and conditions as set out in this Warranty  Policy. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Limited Warranty applies solely to the specified Warranty Parts and not to the entire product(s) . The Limited Warranty is also 
subject to the limitations, exceptions, qualifications and conditions as set out in this  Warranty Policy, including but without limitation to the  
qualifications as set out in the Qualifications and Exceptions column of the following table.

 P a g e  | 2 Version 15. Updated March 2026 
No. Product(S) Warranty Parts Warranty Period Qualifications and Exceptions 
1. Water Closet 
Ceramic Body Lifetime Warranty on crack line 
and leaking ONLY 
➢ Any crack line caused by external force and/or willful act is 
excluded. 
➢ Installation is included. 
Flushing Fittings 5 years from date of purchase ➢ Installation is excluded. 
Seat Cover Soft 
Close System 2 years from date of purchase ➢ Installation is excluded. 
2. Urinal Bowl Ceramic Body Lifetime Warranty on crack line 
and leaking ONLY 
➢ Any crack line caused by external force and/or willful act is 
excluded. 
➢ Installation is included. 
3. Squatting Pan Ceramic Body Lifetime Warranty on crack line 
and leaking ONLY 
➢ Any crack line caused by external force and/or willful act is 
excluded. 
➢ Installation is included. 
4. Electronic Seat Cover Electronic 
Components 1 year from date of purchase ➢ Installation is included. 
5. Intelligent Water 
Closet 
Ceramic Body Lifetime Warranty on crack line 
and leaking ONLY 
➢ Any crack line caused by external force and/or willful act is 
excluded. 
➢ Installation is included. 
Electronic 
Components 1 year from date of purchase Installation is included. 
6. Tankless Water Closet 
Ceramic Body Lifetime Warranty on crack line 
and leaking ONLY 
➢ Any crack line caused by external force and/or willful act is 
excluded. 
Installation is included. 
Flushing Fittings 2 years from date of purchase Installation is included. 
7. Wash Basin Ceramic Body Lifetime Warranty on crack line 
and leaking ONLY 
➢ Any crack line caused by external force and/or willful act is 
excluded. 
➢ Installation is included. 
8. LED Mirror Circuit Board  1 year from date of purchase Installation is included. 
9.  
Bathroom Furniture 
Selected Models 
*Honeycomb Series 
External Surface 
Coating 10 years from date of purchase Installation is excluded. 
10. 
Mirror Cabinet  
Selected Models 
SRTMCB8071-BL, SRTMCB6071-BL, 
SRTMCB6070-BL, SRTMCB5060-BL, 
Hinges 25 years from date of purchase Installation is included. 
Aluminum Frame 10 years from date of purchase Installation is included. 
 P a g e  | 3 Version 15. Updated March 2026 
SRTMCB5061-BL, SRTMCB6066-
BL,SRTMCB4561-BL, SRTMCB4560-BL Mirror Glass 2 years from date of purchase Installation is included. 
11. Concealed Shower 
Mixer & Cold 
Cartridge 5 years from date of purchase Installation is excluded. 
12. Kitchen & Bathroom 
Cold Tap 
13. Stop Valve 
14. 
Bib Tap, Hose Bib Tap, 
Two Way Tap and Two 
Way Bidet Set 
15. Exposed Mixer   
Shower Set 
Cartridge 10 years from date of purchase Installation is excluded. 
16. Conceal Bath and 
Shower Mixer 
17. Conceal Bathroom 
Mixer 
18. Kitchen & Bathroom 
Mixer Tap 
19. Exposed Shower Set Diverter Cartridge 5 years from date of purchase Installation is excluded. 
20. Bathtub with Massage 
jet 
Water Pump 5 years from date of purchase Installation is included. 
Mixer Tap 
Cartridge 5 years from date of purchase Installation is included. 
Thermostat 
Heater 3 years from date of purchase Installation is included. 
Digital Control 
Panel 1 years from date of purchase Installation is included. 
21. Stainless Steel 304 
Kitchen Sink Rust Resistant 25 years on from date of 
purchase 
➢ Anti-Rust against body finishing affected by rust due to 
manufacturing defect and subject to the fulfilment of the 
terms stipulated in Sorento’s manual/user guide (if any). 
Installation is excluded. 
22. Ceramic Kitchen Sink Ceramic Body Lifetime Warranty on crack line 
and leaking ONLY 
➢ Any crack line caused by external force and/or willful act is 
excluded. 
➢ Installation is included. 
 P a g e  | 4 Version 15. Updated March 2026 
23. 
Stainless Steel 304 
Kitchen and   
Bathroom Tap 
Rust Resistant 10 years from date of purchase 
Rust Resistant against body finishing affected by rust due to 
manufacturing defect and subject to the fulfilment of the terms 
stipulated in Sorento’s manual/user guide (if any) 
24. Kitchen Mixer & Cold 
Tap 
Pull out Flexible 
Hose & Flexible 
Hose  
2 years from date of purchase Installation is excluded. 
25. Kitchen Mixer Tap Inlet Flexible Hose 5 years from date of purchase Installation is excluded. 
26. Automatic Water 
Booster Pump 
Manufacturing 
Defects 
3 years from date of purchase 
(2 + 1 year extended warranty with online 
registration) 
Installation is excluded. 
PC Auto Controller 1 year from date of purchase Installation is excluded. 
27. Hand Shower 
PVC Flexible Hose  5 years from date of purchase Installation is excluded. 
28. Hand Bidet 
29. 
Exposed and Conceal 
Flush Valves, 
Concealed Cistern 
Piston and Lever 
Mechanism 1 year from date of purchase Installation is excluded. 
30. 
Sensor Taps, Sensor 
Soap Dispenser, 
Sensor Hand Dryer 
Sensor Eye and 
Solenoid Valve 1 year from date of purchase Installation is excluded. 
Sensor Flush Valves 
31. Self-Closing Tap Soft Close 
Mechanism 1 year from date of purchase Installation is excluded. 
 
   Important Note: 
Notwithstanding anything herein contained to the contrary, where a defective Warranty Part is replaced under the warranty stated herein, the balance 
of the warranty period of such part will remain effective. The replaced Warranty Part of the Product(s) does not carry a new warranty. 
 
7. The Limited Warranty and the Warranty Period as stipulated in clause 6 above is subject to the following conditions: - 
 
(a) installation and all subsequent repairs, modifications and/or adjustments to the Product(s) must be installed, repaired, modified and/or adjusted 
in accordance with Sorento’s installation and repair instructions/manuals/user guides (if any) and in accordance with all rel evant statutory 
requirements. In the event if no instruction/manual/user guide is provided by Sorento, the Product(s) must be installed, repa ired, modified 
 P a g e  | 5 Version 15. Updated March 2026 
and/or adjusted by competent personnel, in accordance with best industry practices and standards; 
(b) this Limited Warranty only applies to the original or genuine component replacement parts or Warranty Parts and therefore does not extended 
to cover any plumbing, building material, electrical or such other parts for the installation of the Product(s); 
(c) Sorento shall be under no liability for any measure and action taken by you or third parties and the consequences arising thereof: such as  
(d) improper remedy of defects, alteration of the Product(s), addition and insertion of parts, in particular of parts which do not come from Sorento; 
(e) Sorento shall be under no liability in respect of any defect arising from unsuitable or improper use, defective installation or commissioning by 
you or third parties, fair wear and tear, willful damage, negligence, failure to comply/follow with Sorento’s instructions/manuals/user guides (if 
any), defective or negligent handling, improper maintenance, excessive load, unsuitable operating materials and replacement m aterials, 
substandard work, inadequate foundation, exposure to chemical, electro-technical/electronic or electric influences, failure to follow Sorento's 
instructions/manuals/user guides (whether oral or in writing) misuse or alteration or repair of the Product(s) without complying/following 
Sorento’s instructions/manuals/user guides (if any); 
(f) Sorento is not liable for any loss, damage, injury or liability of any kind suffered by you, resulting from the direct or ind irect acts and omissions 
of third parties, including such loss, damage or injury caused by installations, repairs or remedial work. Such loss, damage or injury shall be the 
responsibility and liability of the person carrying out such works; and 
(g) Sorento shall be under no liability whatsoever in respect of any defect in the Product(s) arising after the expiry of the Warranty Period as stated 
in clause 6 herein. 
 
8. The Limited Warranty and the Warranty Period given in clause 6 shall not apply and shall have no application if such damage, defect or issue was due 
to any of the following causes/circumstances: - 
 
(a) any damages and/or failures arising from the use of the Product(s) contrary to Sorento’s instructions/manuals/ user guides (if any); 
(b) fair wear and tear; 
(c) any defect arising from improper use, negligence, accidental or faulty installation by you; 
(d) failure to comply and adhere to Sorento’s instructions/manuals/user guides (if any); 
(e) any defect arising from improper maintenance of the Product(s); 
(f) any unusual physical and/or environmental conditions, use in application for which the Product(s) was not intended or designed; 
(g) wear and tear due to exposure to harsh conditions; 
(h) any willful damage, abuse or vandalism; 
(i) any defect caused by chemical reaction including but without limitation to the use of bleach, alkali, acid, excessive heat and/or dust and corrosive 
surroundings; 
(j) any defect caused by over-running, excessive pressure, short circuit, self-heating, arcing or leakage of electricity from whatever cause (including 
lightning) arising; 
(k) any defect caused by the setup of the Product(s) in a location exposed to direct sunlight, blocked ventilation slots, unstable surface, power 
extension cords or adaptors, insufficient space and/or extreme temperature; 
(l) any repair or alteration of the Product(s) done without complying/following Sorento’s instructions/manuals/user guides (if any) or is contrary to 
the best industry practices and standards; 
 P a g e  | 6 Version 15. Updated March 2026 
(m) any repair or alteration of the Product(s) that do not comply with Sorento technical support team installation instructions/manuals/user guides 
(whether oral or in writing); 
(n) any repair or alteration works that are done without using genuine spare parts supplied by Sorento; 
(o) any Product(s) that has been altered or modified in any way; 
(p) any part of the Product(s) has been dismantled, changed or repaired in a manner contrary to the best industry practices and standards; and 
(q) acts or omissions of third parties, including the installer of the Product(s). 
 
9. You shall within the Warranty Period as stated in clause 6 herein submit your warranty claim (if any) to Sorento. Subject to the terms of this Warranty 
Policy, Sorento may elect, at its discretion, to either repair or replace any defective Warranty Part with a new item or its equivalent (if such Product(s) 
model is no longer available). All warranty claims must be made within the respective Warranty Period. For the avoidance of doubt, Sorento does not 
provide cash returns or refunds for the Product(s). 
 
10. All warranty claims should be addressed to our Customer Service at our email: sorento@sorento.com.my. All warranty claims shall be accompanied by 
such information and documents as may be informed by our customer service representative to you, including but without limita tion to photographs 
of the defect and proof of purchase (which indicates the date of purchase and where the Product(s) have been purchased). You shall also complete 
such form(s) as may be requested by our customer service representative. 
 
11. Sorento may direct you to return the defective and/or damaged Product(s) and/or Warranty Parts to Sorento or our authorized dealer for assessment. 
Sorento will review such Product(s) and/or Warranty Parts and determine whether such Product(s) and/or Warranty Parts is elig ible for repair or  
replacement. Sorento’s determination shall be final and binding. 
 
12. For returns and refunds, please refer to our Return and Replacement Policy. 
 
13. Subject to any statutory provisions to the contrary, this Limited Warranty excludes any and all claims for loss, injury, death or damage suffered through: 
(A) the use of the Product(s) or any part thereof, or the non-operation or ineffective operation of the Product(s) and (B) the acts, omissions and 
negligence of third parties (including installers). Sorento shall in no event be liable for such loss, injury, death or damage, including loss or damage to 
furniture, carpets, walls, foundations and property of whatsoever description or any other consequential loss or damage either directly or indirectly 
due to negligence, loss of use, malfunction, defect, damage, breakdown or leakage whatsoever and howsoever arising. (C)  indemnification relating to 
any labor charges, removal and re-installation expenses. 
 
14. Our liability to you arising out of or in connection with the Limited Warranty is limited to the aggregate invoice value" of such Product(s) of such 
Product(s) and we will not be liable to you for any penalties or damages under any agreement or any other indirect, remote, consequential, punitive, 
exemplary or special loss or damage. Sorento disclaims all statutory and implied warranties, including without limitation, warranties of merchantability 
and fitness for a particular purpose and warranties against hidden or latent defects, to the extent permitted by law. In so far as such warranties cannot 
be disclaimed, Sorento limits the duration and remedies of such warranties to the duration of the warranty as set out in clause 6 above. 
 
 P a g e  | 7 Version 15. Updated March 2026 
15. Where fault is found to be something other than a warranty issue or the product is not our product, Sorento will be entitled to impose a callout charge. 
 
16. Sorento reserves the right to amend, modify, vary and supersede this Warranty Policy from time to time  without any notification to you  and such 
revised Warranty Policy shall apply with immediate effect from the date of publication of such modification. 
 
17. This warranty is valid exclusively for residential installations and does not cover commercial or industrial use. 
 
 
18. This warranty is only valid only within Malaysia. 
 
19. Use of Personal Data 
Any of your personal information that we may collect from you, whether as part of the ordering or warranty claim process, wil l be dealt with in 
accordance with our privacy policy available at https://sorento.com.my/index.php/terms-privacy. 